# P3-P5

- way
    - 方法，路线
- how
    - 多么, +n.: how beautiful she is
- job
    - 前缀影响感情色彩，尾缀影响词性
    - jobless adj. 失业的
    - joblessness n. 失业率
- child
    - children n.复数
    - childhood n. 童年，幼年
    - childless adj. 无子女的，无后代的: Parents are less happy than childless couples.
    - childbirth n. 分娩，生孩子
    - childcare n. 儿童保育，儿童照管
- long
    - 渴望: long for return
- paragraph
    - paraphrase
- give
- even
    - adj.: Talking in an even tone helps the other person cool down.
    - even if == even though 即使
        - It also makes you seem confident, even if you aren't.
- these
    - adj. + 可数名词复数
    - pron. 指代可数名词复数
- world
    - 领域: the smartphone world
- our 
- think
    - thought, thought
- get
    - But most law gradutes never get a big-firm job.
    - link v. 变得，到达: Sometimes parents get exhausted.
- much
    - adv.: to become much more self-sufficient
- sheet
- each
    - pron.: each has an apple
    - adj.: Each student has an apple.
- find
    - found, found
- them
- go
    - link v. 变得
    - went, gone
- his
- because
    - conj.: I did it because he told me to.
    - cause
        - n.
        - vt.: Do they know what caused the fire?
- life
    - lifestyle n. 生活方式，工作方式
    - lifetime n. 一生，终身
- lift
    - n. 电梯(英式) vs elevator
    - He is strong enough to lift a car.
- also
- first
- well
    - n.: Why did the man fall down the well?
    - adv.: Because he could not see that well.
- high
    - highly adv.
- man
- now
- I
- become
    - link v. 变成，成为: Forests may become a potential threat.
    - became, become
- me
- help
- just
    - adj.
    - adv.
    - justice, justify
- over
    - prep.: the dog over the bed, over the past decade
- she
- study
    - v. 研究
- come
    - came, come
- woman
    - 复数: women
- passage
    - n. 一段
    - pass
        - vt. 通过: She gave me a nod as she passed the street.
        - vt. 经过: Califormia recently passed a law.
    - bypass n. 旁路. v. 绕过，避开
    - passenger n. 乘客
    - password n. 密码
- two
- know
    - knew, known
    - unknown adj. 未知的，不详的
    - well-known adj. 众所周知的，著名的
- learn
    - ~~learn knowledge~~. Learn is important.
- great
    - adj. 大量的: a great number of
    - greatly adv. 非常，很，大大地: Social class greatly helps enrich educational experiences.
    - greatness n. 伟大
- school
- student
- then
    - adv. 当时，在那时: Life was harder then because neither of us had a job.
    - **adv. 那么，因而**: If you miss that train then you'll have to get a taxi.
    - **adv. 然后，于是**: He drank a glass of whisky, then another and then another.
- between
- ~~mart~~
- problem
- see
    - see...as 把...视为: I see you as my best friend.
- look 
    - 容貌: popularity of certain looks, brands, or nerghborthoods.
- any
    - det. 任何的: any people, any apples, any a book
    - adv.: She didn't do any leanrning thing today.
- seem
    - link v. 似乎，好像 +adj.: it seems silly to stay back a year.
    - vi. +to do: The similar genes seem to be evolving faster than other genes.
- too
    - 用在肯定句和一般疑问句末表示“也”: Computers could pick up what we feel and, hopefully, simulate feeling too.
    - 用在 adj. 和 adv. 前“太，非常”: If you start thinking about it too much.
    - too...to 太...不能: A job's starting salary seems too small to satisfy an emerging adult.
- last
    - 与过去时连用，adj. 最近的 adv. 上一次: Its lawmakers gave preliminary approval last week to a law.
    - What does the author argue in the last paragrph?
    - v.: Formerly it lasted three days...
- before
    - conj. 在...以前（+内容）: Before you share your thoughts...
    - adv. 以前(什么也不加）: This advice is more relevant now than ever before.
- still
    - adv. 仍旧: because writing was, and still is, one of my favourite activites.
    - adj. 静止的: Redesky cites the "still face experiment".
- country
    - n. 农村: For the first time in the history more people live in towns than in the country.
    - n. 国家: After the Netheriands, Britain is Europe's most crowded country.
- day
    - 用复数，表示时期: Since the days of Aristotle.
- often
- like
    - prep. 像: Much of our social life is like that.
    - likely 
        - adj. 可能的
        - adv. 可能
        - be likely to 有可能: You're more likely to be heard...
    - likelihood  n. 可能，可能性
- thing
- us
- after
    - 用法如 before
- education
- right
    - in the right direction
    - adv.: We are right now simply experiencing the painful side.
    - **n. 权利: They should have a right to tax.**
- must
- author
- very
    - adj.: This is the very book.
- could
- few
    - 几乎没有(单独使用): Few of us use our innovative modes of thought.
    - 很少(与a连用): A few wealthy people will own all the capital.
    - little
        - a little
    - few + 可数名词, little + 不可数名词
- might
- example 
    - n. 例子: Jealousy**, for example,** may have evolved to alert us to important inequalities.
    - n.: Set a Good Example for Your Kids. 
- those
- today
    - adv./n. 现今
- where
- while
    - conj. 尽管(位于句首): While their parents were content to work long hours young people value flexibility.
    - conj. 当...的时候(+doing): saving them money while helping eh environment.
    - conj. 然而(位于句中): They can smell one type of flower but not another, while others are sensitive to the smeils of both flowers.
- age
    - 时代: digital age, age of AI
- want
    - vt.: You might want to gather your army first.
- idea
    - ideal adj. 理想: Mauna Kea is deemed as an ideal astronomical side.
    - idealized adj. 理想的: They portray an idealized version of themselves.
- family
    - Father And Mother I Love You.
- university
    - collage n. 大学(学院)
- kind
    - kindness n. 仁慈，友好的行为
- yet
    - adv. 仍然: Virtual reality haven't veen invented yet.
    - conj. 然而: Adult women do not remember being so obsessed with the colour, yet it is pervasive in our young girls' lives.
- far
    - further, furthest
- large
- big
- cost
    - vt. 主语物 (spend: 主语人)
        - It would cost the company money.
        - I spend some money.
    - n. 成本: the high cose of operation.
    - at the cost of 以...为代价: The battle was won at the cost of many lives.
    - costly adj. 昂贵的，代价高的: It can be costly to make up credits.
- however
    - adv. 无论如何 +adj./adv.: Each set of circumstances, however bad, offers a unique opportunity for growth.
    - adv. 然而(修饰整个句子): 
        - However, the numbers are still small.
        - The numbers, however, are still small.
        - The numbers are still small, however.
- without
    - prep.: It's almost impossible to go through life without experiencing some kind of failure.
- interest
    - n. 兴趣
        - 某种心情不可数: He looked around with interest.
        - 感兴趣的领域、方面 可数: Prior knowledge and interests influence what we experience.
    - n. 利益: The French Senate has passed a bill to protect French companies' interests.
    - interest groups 利益集团
    - interest rate 利率
- both
    - neither 
- century
- English
- home n. 家，家乡
- line 
    - n. 界限: whether there is still a line between the court and politics.
- rather
    - adv. 相当: Their work makes a rather startling assertion.
    - adv. 宁可: Kids would rather play (then study).
        - would rather A (than B): 宁愿A（也不愿B）
    - rather than: Good memory results from intuitive rather than exercises.
        - **A rather than B: 是A而不是B**
- same
- less
    - little 比较级
- worker
- grow
    - link v. 变得
    - grew, grown
    - growth n. 成长，增长
    - grower n. 栽培者
    - grown-up adj. 成年的 n. 成年人
        
    | link v. | 场景 | Example |
    | ---- | ---- | ---- |
    | be动词 | 单独使用，翻译成是 | |
    | get, became, turn, go, grow | 变得、成为 | the leaf turn red |
    | look, sound, smell, taste, feel | 感官动词，看、听、闻、尝、感觉**起来**... | the soup taste good |
    | remain/keep+adj., seem+adj., prove | 保持某种状态 | you should keep calm |
- old
- another
    - pron.: Remance is one thing, marriage is quite another.
    - adj.: Such active research can have another effect.
- against
    - Fly against the wind again and again.
- start
    - start - stop
    - begin - end
- number
    - No.
    - 可数名词数量
    - 不可数名词数量 - amount
- **since**
    - conj. 自...以来(+时间点): I've been able to do this, since I was four.
    - conj. 因为，既然: Since students and parents expect a college...
    - perp. 自...以来: since 2015
    - adv. 自那以后: ...some of these languages have since vanished.
- her
- word
    - in a word 总之
    - in other word 换句话说
- feel
    - felt, felt
- **instead**
    - adv. 反而(表递进): The french tax is not just a unilateral. Instead, the digital services tax is part of a much larger trend.
    - adv. 代替: Buy all your clothes at once with a stylist instead of <u>shopping</u> alone, one article of clothing at a time.
        - A instead of B/A rather than b: 是A而不是B
- off
    - adv. 离(开): 10% off, take off, turn off/on
