## 001

### Directions

You are supposed to write for the Postgraduates' Association a notice to recruit volunteers for an international
conference on globalization. The notice should include the basic qualifications for applicants and other information
which you think is relevant.<br>
You should write about 100 words On ANSWER SHEET 2.<br>
Do not sign your own name at the end of the notice. Use “Postgraduates' Association” instead.<br>

### Example

<p align="center">Notice</p>
<p align="right">January 9, 2010</p>
&emsp;&emsp;Volunteers are needed for the International Conference on Globalization to be held on this campus in early July.<br>
&emsp;&emsp;Basic requirements are familiarity with the theme of the conference and proficiency in English. Other requirements include good interpersonal communication abilities, familiarity with our city's tourist attractions and its history, proper manners, and a strong sense of responsibility. Preference will be given to those experienced in international conferences or other similar activities.<br>
&emsp;&emsp;Call 86754321 or email postgr@ccc.edu.cn for an application and for information on the interview. Phone and email enquiries are encouraged; no visited please.<br>
<p align="right">Postgraduates' Association</p>

### 译文

<p align="center">告 示</p>
<p align="right">2010年1月9日</p>

&emsp;&emsp;本校将于七月初举行关于全球化的国际研讨会，现招募志愿者。<br>
&emsp;&emsp;基本要求是熟悉本次会议的主题以及精通英语。其他要求包括良好的人际沟通能力、熟悉我市的景点及历史、举止得体以及有较强的责任感。在国际会议或其他类似活动中具有相关经验者优先考虑。<br>
&emsp;&emsp;申请职位以及咨询面试相关信息，请致电86754321或发送邮件到postgr@ccc.edu.cn。欢迎垂询，ggg绝来访。

<p align="right">研究生会</p>

## 002

### Directions

You have just come back from the U.S. as a member of a Sino-American cultural exchange program. Write a letter to your
American colleague to

1. express your thanks for his/her warm reception;
2. welcome him/her to visit China in due course.

You should write about 100 words on ANSWER SHEET 2.
Do not sign your own name at the end of the letter. Use “Zhang Wei” instead. Do not write your address.

### Example

Dear Bob,<br>
&emsp;&emsp;I have just arrived at my home from the airport. As I sit down at my desk, I just want to write
a letter to you to thank you for your warm **reception** in the **cultural** exchange program. You and your family left
a deep impression upon me. Indeed, the program is one of the most wonderful **memories** in my life.<br>
&emsp;&emsp;I remember you **mentioned** wanting to **travel** in China. Well, if you come to China, you
will be warmly welcomed, and it will be my pleasure to be your guide here. If you would like, send me a list beforehand
of the places you would like to visit.<br>
&emsp;&emsp;Please give my best regards to your family.<br>
<p align="right">Yours,</p>
<p align="right">Zhang Wei</p>

### 译文

亲爱的鲍勃:

我刚从机场回到家里。坐在书桌旁，我只想给你写封信来感谢你在这次文化交流项目中的热情接待。你和你的家人给我留下了深刻的印象。这个项目真的是我一生中最美好的回忆之一。
我记得你曾经提到过想来中国旅行。那么，如果你来到中国，你将受到热烈欢迎而且我将很荣幸做你的导游。如果你愿意的话，把你想参观的地方提前列张单子发给我。
在此向你的家人致以诚挚的祝福。

<p align="right">张伟</p>

## 003

### Directions

Some international students are coming to your university, Write them an email in the name of the Students’ Union to

1) extend your welcome and
2) provide some suggestions for their campus life here.

   You should write about 100 words on ANSWER SHEET 2.
   Do not sign your own name at the end of the letter. Use “Li Ming” instead.
   Do not write the address.

### Example

Dear friends,<br>
&emsp;&emsp;On behalf of the Students' Union of Beijing Foreign Studies University, I would like to extend
our heartfelt welcome to all the overseas students who will study in our university.<br>
&emsp;&emsp;It is my great pleasure to offer you several practical suggestions. In the first place, life in
this prestigious university is perhaps not as easy as you have expected. You may be tightly bound by daily classes,
abundant homework and frequent exams. Thus, be prepared for the hectic life here. In the second place, in spite of all
those burdens, various extracurricular activities such as sports meets, speech contests and social gatherings will still
provide ample opportunities to make friends. So, enjoy your life in this esteemed institute!<br>
&emsp;&emsp;All in all, although there is a lot of pressure, the time you spend on our campus will be
worthwhile and enhance your whole life. Hope you like it here.<br>
<p align="right">Yours sincerely,</p>
<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

### 译文

亲爱的朋友们:<br>
&emsp;&emsp;我谨代表北京外国语大学学生会，向来我校学习的留学生表示衷心的欢迎。<br>
&emsp;&emsp;我很荣幸能给你们提一些实用的建议。首先，这所知名学府的生活也许并不像你们所设想的那么轻松。你们可能会面临每日的课程、大量的作业和频繁的考试。因此，做好准备迎接这里的繁忙生活吧。其次，尽管有以上负担，运动会、演讲比赛以及联谊会等各种各样的课外活动仍会提供大量结交朋友的机会。所以，尽情享受这所著名大学里的生活吧!<br>
&emsp;&emsp;总之，尽管有很多压力，但你们在这所校园里度过的时光将意义非凡，并为你的整个人生增添光彩。希望你们喜欢这里!<br>

<p align="right">您真诚的，</p>
<p align="right">李明</p>

## 004

Dear Sir or Madam,<br>
&emsp;&emsp;I bought an electronic dictionary from your online store on January 1st, but after using it for
a short period of time, I found it has some problems.<br>
&emsp;&emsp;To begin with, the battery needs recharging after a mere 2 hours of use. This means that I need
to carry my charger with me when I go out for a day. In addition, the buttons on the electronic dictionary **are** so
small that it is nearly impossible to type anything with them. Personally, I find **this to be completely unacceptable
**.<br>
&emsp;&emsp;Therefore, I would like **either to change for** another model that works better or a full
refund. Your help is greatly appreciated.<br>
<p align="right">**Yours** sincerely</p>
<p align="right">Zhang Wei</p>

## 005

Dear Professor Smith<br>
&emsp;&emsp;On behalf of the "Talents" English Speech Contest committee, I'm writing to invite you to be our
new judge.<br>
&emsp;&emsp;As **the core** of our "Foreign Culture Festival", this school-wide contest **is to be held** in
the Students' **Auditorium** on May 12 (next Sunday). And we believe that you can give our **competitors** some
enlightening comments as both a native-English speaker and a knowledgeable professor. Specifically, the event **will
start** at around 7:00 p.m. and **last for** 2 hours at most. At the end of it, we will have some hand-made **presents**
for each judge and competitor.<br>
&emsp;&emsp;Once again, we sincerely hope you can be the judge **for** our competition.
<p align="right">Yours sincerely,</p>
<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

## 006

Dear Professor Cook,<br>
&emsp;&emsp;We are greatly honored to welcome you as a guest professor at our university. I would like to
recommend two scenic spots in our city: the Palace Museum and the Great Wall.<br>
&emsp;&emsp;The primary reasons are as follows. To begin with, the Palace Museum, also known as the
Forbidden City, was the imperial palace of the Ming and Qing Dynasties. **It is also the largest piece of ancient
Chinese architecture currently existing.** Meanwhile, the Great Wall, symbolizing China's ancient civilization, **is one
of the world's most renowned projects**. **As the great creation of the ancient Chinese people and one of the wonders of
the world**, it was listed as one of the world cultural heritage sites in 1987.<br>
&emsp;&emsp;I hope you will have the opportunity to visit one or both of these spots. We wish you enjoy your
stay in our city.<br>
<p align="right">Yours sincerely,</p>
<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

## 007

Dear Professor Smith,<br>
&emsp;&emsp;I am looking forward to my travel to the United States and **visiting** you in Harvard
University.<br>
&emsp;&emsp;**Unfortunately**, I have recently been diagnosed with a serious ear infection which will
require **surgery** on the same day as my departure. I am sorry to say that I will therefore not be able to make the
travel plan. If possible, I would like to postpone the travel plan to another day later this year. I promise that such a
situation **does** not usually happen, and **apologize** for any **inconvenience** this may cause you.<br>
&emsp;&emsp;Please excuse me for not being able to inform you of my situation sooner. Your prompt attention
to my suggestion would be highly appreciated.<br>

<p align="right">Yours sincerely,</p>
<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

## 008

Dear Paul,<br>
&emsp;&emsp;I'm glad to hear from you. How have you been these days? Since you're going to **present** an *
*oral** report on an ancient Chinese **scientist**, Bi Sheng is an ideal candidate.<br>
&emsp;&emsp;In the middle of the 11 century during the Song **Dynasty**, Bi Sheng invented the movable type
printing technique. He mainly **used** clay type, which **saved** much time and money compared with block printing.
After that, the movable type printing technique was widely promoted. China's printing technique was **spread** to the *
*Arabic region** during the Yuan Dynasty and then to **Africa and Europe**. Printing provided **a** significant
condition for the European **science** to develop **rapidly** after the long night of the medieval period and **the
emergence of the Renaissance**.<br>
&emsp;&emsp;I hope you find the above recommendations useful. Looking forward to your successful
presentation.<br>

<p align="right">Yours,</p>
<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

## 009

Dear Paul,<br>
&emsp;&emsp;I'm glad to hear from you. Thank you for your **enthusiastic** response to the event!<br>
&emsp;&emsp;As you know, I will invite a great many **craftsmen** to our **campus**. They will show a *
*variety** of **innovative** Chinese craft-making, especially silk-making. Silk-making is a **handicraft inherited**
from ancient China, as well as a traditional art form. Silk is a symbol of **ancient Chinese culture**, and the long
history of China's silk industry is **a brilliant page** in the **encyclopedia** of Chinese culture.<br>
&emsp;&emsp;This event is going to be held in the Students' Recreation Center from 10:00 am to 4:00 pm on
May 1, 2025. Could you please help me **to** write the letters of invitation **to** all the craftsmen? Looking forward
to your support.<br>

<p align="right">Yours faithfully,</p>
<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

## 010

Dear John,<br>
&emsp;&emsp;As you know, I am extremely keen on the ancient Chinese novel-*Romance of the Three Kingdoms*.
Now I am planning to direct a short play revised from it<br>
&emsp;&emsp;*Romance of the Three Kingdoms*, as one of the Four Great Classical Novels in China, mainly
depicts the political and military struggles during the Three Kingdoms Period and reveals the turbulent society. It
successfully portrays images of classic characters, such as Zhuge Liang, Liu Bei, Guan Yu, Cao Cao, and so on.<br>
&emsp;&emsp;Since you excel in acting, I cordially invite you to participate in the play and act as the
leading hero, Zhuge Liang. I'm sure you will be quite interested in it. Looking forward to your reply.<br>

<p align="right">Yours,</p>
<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

## 011

### Directions

Read the following email from your foreign friend Paul and write a reply.

Dear Li Ming,
Good news! I'm going to visit China this summer vacation, but I'm not sure which city to go. Can you introduce one city
and give me some advice? Thank you for your help.
Yours,
Paul

Write your answer in about 100 words on the ANSWER SHEETDo not use your own name in your email; use “Li Ming” instead

### Example

Dear Paul,<br>
&emsp;&emsp;I'm extremely happy to learn you are coming to China! Here are my recommendations.<br>
&emsp;&emsp;Since it's the first time you visit China. I highly recommend Beijing, the capital of China.
Beijing is a city in the northern part of China. As a center of politics, culture, international communication, and
scientific and technological innovation, Beijing attracts talent from all over the country, displaying China's
development to the world.<br>
&emsp;&emsp;As for tourist attractions, I suggest you visit the Imperial Palace, the Great Wall and the
Summer Palace, all of which have been listed on the UN's World Heritage List. It is true that Beijing, once an ancient
imperial city, is now a genuine metropolis. Looking forward to meeting you in Beijing.<br>

<p align="right">Yours,</p>
<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

### 译文

亲爱的保罗:<br>
&emsp;&emsp;得知你要来中国，我太高兴了!以下是我的一些建议。<br>
&emsp;&emsp;鉴于这是你第一次到访中国,我强烈推荐中国的首都北京。北京位于中国北方。作为政治文化、国际交流以及科技创新的中心，它吸引着来自全国各地的人才，同时向世界展示着中国的发展。<br>
&emsp;&emsp;至于旅游景点，我建议你参观故宫、长城和颐和园，这些景点都已被列入联合国《世界遗产名录》。可以说，北京这座曾经的古老皇城，如今已成为一座真正的大都市。期待在北京与你相见!

<p align="right">李明</p>

## 012

Dear Paul,<br>
&emsp;&emsp;Thank you for your congratulations! In September, I'm going to pursue my master's degree in
Peking University, one of the top two universities in China.<br>
&emsp;&emsp;Established in 1898, Peking University was originally founded as the Imperial University of
Peking-the first national comprehensive university in modern China. For over a century, she had contributed to the
development of China and the change of the destiny of its people. As China's leading higher education institution for
teaching and researching, Peking University enjoys an excellent academic reputation, attracting top scholars and
students from China and all over the world.<br>
&emsp;&emsp;As for your application to a Chinese university, I suggest Peking University and Tsinghua
University as your best choices. Your resume and application letter play a vital role in application. Looking forward to
your reply.<br>

<p align="right">Yours,</p>
<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

## 013

Dear friends,<br>
&emsp;&emsp;I am writing the email to recommend one of the most prestigious Chinese celebrities to you,
Confucius.<br>
&emsp;&emsp;First of all, being a great thinker, educator and founder of Confucianism, Confucius is an
ancient sage during the Spring and Autumn Period. In addition, his words and life story were recorded by his disciples
and their student in *The Analects*. As an enduring classic of ancient Chinese culture, *The Analects* has influenced
all thinkers, writers and politicians in the over-2000-year-long history of China after Confucius. Finally, much of
Confucian thought still remains the interest of not only the Chinese people but also people in other parts of the
world.<br>
&emsp;&emsp;If you have any questions about Confucius, please feel free to contact me.<br>

<p align="right">Yours sincerely,</p>
<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

## 014

Dear friends,<br>
&emsp;&emsp;On behalf of Class 3, I warmly welcome you to attend the Dragon Boat Festival celebration.<br>
&emsp;&emsp;The Dragon Boat Festival, falling on the 5th of the fifth lunar month, is a traditional Chinese
holiday for family members to gather together. Aside from enjoying the dragon boat racing, Chinese people also eat the
traditional food of the festival-zongzi. Considering that some students cannot be reunited with their families this
year, our class decides to hold this celebration to make everyone feel the love and friendship on this special day.<br>
&emsp;&emsp;If you are interested in participating in this celebration, please fill in your personal
information on the school's website at www.bfsu.edu.cn. The activity will be held in the Auditorium from 10:00 a.m. to
4:00 p.m. on June 12th.<br>

<p align="right">Yours sincerely,</p>
<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

## 015

Dear Mr. Shakespeare,<br>
&emsp;&emsp;I am writing to express my heartfelt gratitude. I am referring to that unfortunate accident the
other day, when I was knocked off my bike by a taxi.<br>
&emsp;&emsp;If it had not been for your timely assistance in giving me first aid, I fear that the
consequences might have been very serious. Everyone agrees that it is your quick-witted response in that emergency that
had led to this satisfactory outcome.
&emsp;&emsp;Although nowadays people in mounting numbers talk about the need to be unselfish, we see very
few people practise what they preach. If there were more people like you, this world would be a much nicer place.<br>

<p align="right">Yours sincerely,</p>
<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

## 016

Dear Sir or Madam,<br>
&emsp;&emsp;I am sorry to say that I will not be able to attend the interview at 10:00 a.m. on Monday,
December 15, 2025.<br>
&emsp;&emsp;Unfortunately, I have recently been diagnosed with a serious ear infection which will require
surgery on the same day as our interview. If possible, I would like to postpone the interview to another day later in
the week. I promise that such a situation does not usually happen, and apologize for any inconvenience this may cause
you.<br>
&emsp;&emsp;I am looking forward to hearing from you and, again, am sorry for any trouble this may have
caused. Please excuse me for not being able to inform you of my situation sooner.<br>

<p align="right">Yours sincerely,</p>
<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

## 017

Dear Sir or Madam,<br>
&emsp;&emsp;I'm writing the note to apply for the job of teaching your daughter Chinese online.<br>
&emsp;&emsp;I am sure that I am the suitable candidate for this position for several reasons. Firstly, I graduated
from Peking University with a bachelor's degree. Enclosed with this note is my resume, which details my previous
academic qualifications. Secondly, I have been teaching kids from 8 to 12 years old since I entered college. Not only do
my qualifications and experiences make me a prefect candidate, but my cheerful personality is also well suited to work
as
a native tutor. Lastly, I am available every Sunday from 2 p.m. to 6 p.m.<br>
&emsp;&emsp;If you could grant me an interview, I would appreciate it.

<p align="right">Yours sincerely,</p>
<p align="right">Li Ming</p>

## 018

### Directions

The Student Union of your department is planning to organize a Chinese speech contest for all the international students
in your school. Write an announcement that covers the following information:

1. the purpose of the contest,
2. time and place of the contest, and
3. details of the judges and awards.

You should write about 100 words. Do not sign your own name at the end of the letter.Use “The Student Union of
Department of Chinese Language and Literature” at the end of the announcement.

### Example

<p align="center">Notice</p>
<p align="right">December 16, 2025</p>
&emsp;&emsp;To enhance international students' ability to speak Chinese and enrich after-class activities for them, the Student Union of Department of Chinese Language and Literature is organizing a school-wide Chinese speech contest for international students, which is to be held on Saturday next week(December 27) at auditorium. Firstly, five prestigious professors from Peking University and Tsinghua University will be invited to be the honorable judges. Secondly, the first six winners will be given awards.<br>
&emsp;&emsp;Those who are interested in taking part in it may sign up with the monitor of their classes before Tuesday next week. If the would-be candidates have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us at the following address: studentunion@163.com. Everybody is welcome to be present at the contest.
<p align="right">The Student Union of Department of Chinese Language and Literature</p>

### 译文

<p align="center">通 知</p>
<p align="right">2025年12月16日</p>
&emsp;&emsp;为提高留学生们的中文表达能力，丰富他们的课外活动，中文系学生会将于下周六(12月27日)在大礼堂组织全校留学生进行中文演讲比赛。首先，我们将邀请五位来自北京大学和清华大学的知名教授担任尊贵的评委。其次，前六名获奖者将被授予奖项。<br>
&emsp;&emsp;有兴趣参加的同学请于下周二之前在本班班长处报名。如果准参赛者有任何问题，请按下述地址和我们联系:studentunion@163.com。欢迎大家积极参加本次大赛。<br>
<p align="right">中文系学生会</p>

## 019

### Directions

Write an announcement to welcome students to join a club, You should write about 100 words following the outline given
below:

1. main activities of the club,
2. benefits of joining the club, and
3. how to join the club.

### Example

<p align="center">Notice</p>
<p align="right">December 21, 2025</p>
&emsp;&emsp;Welcome to the English Club!This club serves as a platform to demonstrate your outstanding English abilities and to help you develop a range of English skills.<br>
&emsp;&emsp;You can be involved in a variety of activities, including staging musical dramas, attending group discussions, watching Oscar-winning movies, and taking part in speeches and debates. These extracurricular activities are highly beneficial in multiple regards. First, your active participation will help in strengthening your sense of responsibility and developing interpersonal relations. Second, various activities organized by us can improve your level of proficiency in English. A good command of English will enable you to get an edge over your peers.<br>
&emsp;&emsp;You can submit a written application for membership to our office of email us at englishclub@163.com. The deadline for applications is January 22. Come and join us now!<br>

<p align="right">English Club</p>

### 译文

<p align="center">告示</p>
<p align="right">2025年12月21日</p>
&emsp;&emsp;欢迎加入英语俱乐部!这个平台可以让你展示自己出色的英语能力，并帮助你提高各项英语技能。<br>
&emsp;&emsp;你可以参加各种各样的活动，包括表演音乐剧、参与小组讨论、观看奥斯卡获奖影片、参加演讲和辩论活动。这些课外活动在很多方面都大有裨益。首先，积极参与将有助于增强你的责任感和培养人际关系。其次，我们组织的丰富活动能提高你的英语熟练程度。良好的英语水平将使你比其他同龄人略胜一筹。<br>
&emsp;&emsp;想成为会员的话，你可以把书面申请交到我们的办公室或发电子邮件到englishclub@163com。报名截止日期是1月22日。现在就来加入我们吧!<br>
<p align="right">英语俱乐部</p>

## 020

### Directions

Directions:<br>
&emsp;&emsp;Suppose your class held a class meeting on contributing to Project Hope last weekend. You were assigned to
write the minutes of the meeting. In your minutes, you should record the basic information, main content of the meeting,
and other relevant information.<br>
&emsp;&emsp;Write your answer in about 100 words on the ANSWER SHEET.<br>
&emsp;&emsp;Do not use your own name in your minutes, use “Li Ming” instead.<br>

### Example

<p align="center">Minutes of class meeting on "Contributing to Project Hope"</p>

Time: 10 a.m. to 11 a.m. on December 14, 2025<br>
Place: Room 102, the Student Recreation Center<br>
Present: All members of the class<br>
Presided by: Zhang Wei<br>
Summary of the meeting:<br>
&emsp;&emsp;I am attaching the minutes of the last class meeting for your review. The summary of the meeting on
Contributing to Project Hope is as follows.<br>
&emsp;&emsp;Firstly, moved by the noble cause of Project Hope and encouraged by what has been achieved so far, we agreed
to contribute our part to the project by offering financial aid to a senior high school student in a remote area of
Sichuan Province. Secondly, we will seek out a girl whose family cannot afford her education. Lastly, our plan is to pay
for her tuition on an annual basis until she graduates from high school. We would like to remit our donation directly to
a bank account opened by her family in her local area.<br>
&emsp;&emsp;If you discover any errors or omissions in the minutes, please inform me.

<p align="right">Submitted by: Li Ming</p>
<p align="right">Date: December 15, 2025</p>

### 译文

<p align="center">“为希望工程做贡献”班会纪要</p>
时间:2025年12月14日上午10点至11点<br>
地点:学生活动中心102室<br>
出席人:全班所有成员<br>
主持人:张伟<br>
会议概要:<br>
&emsp;&emsp;现将上次班会的会议纪要附上以便大家审核。关于为希望工程做贡献的会议纪要如下首先，希望工程这项高尚的事业感动了我们，同时这项工程迄今所取得的成就使我们备受鼓舞。因此，我们一致同意给四川省偏远地区的一名高中生提供经济方面的援助，以此为希望工程贡献我们的微薄之力。其次，我们将找到一个家庭无法负担其教育的女孩。最后，我们计划每年为她支付学费，直至她高中毕业。我们将把捐款直接汇入她的家人在当地开设的银行账户中。<br>
&emsp;&emsp;如果大家发现会议纪要中有错误或遗漏，请告知我。<br>

<p align="right">提交人:李明</p>
<p align="right">日期:2025年12月15日</p>
